1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 :-
HTTP stand for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. It is a protocol used by World Wide Web(WWW) to transfer data 
between servers and clients. HTTP has evolved over the years and the latest version is HTTP/2, 
which is an upgraded version of HTTP/1.1. 

HTTP/1.1: Let’s say that we have to make a request to the server for the google.com page and server responds
to us as a resource google.com page. Before sending the request and the response, there is a TCP connection
established between client & server. Again we make a request to the server for image img.jpg and 
the server gives a response as an image img.jpg. The connection was not lost here after the first request 
because we add a keep-alive header which is the part of the request so there is an open connection between 
the server & client. There is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged
in a single connection. These are the drawbacks that lead to the creation of HTTP/2.
The first problem is HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form. 
The second one is head of line blocking in which TCP connection blocked all other requests until 
the response does not receive. All the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.

HTTP/2: HTTP/2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer 
instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format. It works on multiplexing in which
one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header and 
compresses it. The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client 
using the PUSH frame.
In conclusion, HTTP/2 is a significant improvement over HTTP/1.1 in terms of performance and efficiency.
With features like multiplexing, binary protocol, header compression, server push, and stream prioritization,
HTTP/2 offers faster and more reliable performance than its predecessor.


2. Objects and its internal representation in Javascript :-
Objects are important data types in javascript. Objects are different than primitive datatypes(like number,
 string, boolean, etc.). Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values
in form of Key: Value pair. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods,
respectively, in the context of an object.
Every object has some property associated with some value. These values can be accessed using these properties 
associated with them.
For ex. -

var myCar = new Object();

myCar.maker = 'Mercedes';

myCar.model = 'S Class';

myCar.color = Black;

myCar.wheels = 4;

After creating myCar object, the value inside the object can be accessed using keys.
i.e.

myCar.model  #Output: S Class

These values can be accessed using brackets notation also.

myCar[Model]  #Output: S Class

Object Method - Methods are actions that can be performed on objects.
We can create objects with Object Literal, with constructor, using the JavaScript keyword new, and Using 
the Object.create method.


